Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music continues]
[gun cocks]
[man speaking Spanish over TV]
[sniffling]
[man speaking Spanish]
[men cheering]
-[man 1 speaks Spanish]
-[man 2 groans. laughs]
[indistinct chatter over TV]
[speaking Spanish]
[speaks Spanish]
Downtown.
¿Inglés?
Yeah. We're in America.
[in English] America.
You're in downtown D.C.
¿La capital?
Yeah.
Yeah. You got it.
Fuck!
[speaking Spanish]
English.
[speaks Spanish]
[in English] Where me?
Baltimore.
Baltimore?
Yeah. Maryland.
Wire. Baltimore?
Yeah. like The Wire. [sighs]
[ominous music playing]
Yeah. No.
¿Dónde estoy?
Wait. wait. What?
[in English] Where I am?
[man] You "am" in Philly.
Philly? [chuckles]
[speaks Spanish]
Like. "Adrian"?
Yeah.
[laughs] [speaking Spanish]
That's my cue to go.
This dude is trippin'.
[door slams]
[in English] Boss?
[Brett] Yeah?
I have something
to show you. sir.
Look at this.
[Brett] Am I actually seeing
what I think I'm seeing.
You checked your faces
with the sheet. correct?
I did. boss. It was dark.
But I matched the male
to a face on a mission sheet.
So what you're saying.
you think you could make
a mistake?
Bring up that mission sheet
over here.
[ominous music playing]
[papers rustling]
Ah.
Okay. All right.
Now. let's just grab each phone.
Let's just review their photos
so we can match them
against the faces
before we proceed.
[Shawn] You have the phones
of the guys you grabbed.
Yeah.
Okay. All right.
I can confirm that I hold
in my hand number one's phone.
We can confirm the same
for number three.
Plenty of selfies verifying
we grabbed number three.
Well. I can also confirm
number six
is definitely the person
that we took.
[suspenseful music playing]
Take a look. man.
I think I fucked up.
You think so?
That is one
giant fuck-up. Shawn.
Give me the damn phone.
We need to address this
immediately.
Now. where in the hell is he?
[distant traffic ambience]
[panting]
Holy shit. [gasps. gulps]
What the...
-[GPS beeping]
-[typing]
Current GPS says he's very close
to where we dropped him off.
[GPS beeping]
[Diego] ¿Dónde estoy?
An alley.
Where?
Downtown.
Downtown where?
Downtown D.C.
[Brett]
I'm fucking livid. Shawn.
Terminate that seed now.
-Consider it done. sir.
-Get the fuck out of my sight.
Yes. sir. Sorry. sir.
[Diego] I know this may be
hard to believe.
but last night. I was home
in Matamoros. Mexico
and now I'm here.
And I have no idea
how I got here.
Right.
Well. neither do I.
[sirens wailing in distance]
Can I ask...
[speaking Spanish]
[in English]...your name?
Melina.
Why is your English so good?
[Diego] I went to school
in Texas.
I'm Diego. by the way.
Hi.
Is it okay if I ask you
a few more questions?
[sighs] As long as you could
walk with me.
But if you try anything.
I'll pepper spray
the shit out of you.
[Beatriz] Oh. yeah.
[in English]
As crazy as this story is.
it gets even crazier because
I woke up in an alley
with just my license.
And please do not freak out.
because I've never used one.
but a loaded gun.
A what?
A gun.
-Where is it?
-In my pants.
[chuckles]
Can I borrow your cell
to call my family?
I promise I will pay you back
eventually.
I don't take pesos.
[sighs] My cell doesn't work
internationally. Sorry.
No reason for you to be sorry.
Look. I gotta get back to work.
but meet me back here at 8:00.
Give me the gun.
What?
I can store it in my cart.
That way. you don't gotta walk
around with it.
If you're part of the craziness.
will you just kill me now?
That's not funny.
I gotta get back to work.
The gun.
I'll be back here at 8:00
unless something happens to me.
Don't say that.
I'll see you later.
Hey. why are you doing this
for me?
Because I hope someone
would do it for me.
-Make sense?
-Yeah.
Hey...
thank you.
[ominous music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ It's time ♪
♪ It's the perfect
Summer night ♪
♪ Those three words ♪
♪ Are spelled out ♪
♪ In your eyes ♪
♪ But before I'll go on ♪
♪ Say something wrong ♪
♪ I'll just stop ♪
♪ And bite my tongue ♪
-[gun cocks]
-Money!
-Now!
-[Brian] Hey. hey. hey.
Chill. chill. chill.
[speaking Spanish]
Okay! Okay!
I'm gonna open the register.
[door creaks open]
-[gunshot]
-[body thuds]
[gunshots]
Got your bitch ass!
[suspenseful music playing]
[Brian panting]
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Mr. Thomas. Mr. Thomas.
Mr. Thomas.
[dispatcher]
911. What's your emergency?
Yeah. I'm at Thomas and Forrest.
the store on 5th and Awe.
The owner's been shot.
You gotta send somebody now.
[dispatcher]
The cops are on their way.
[woman] Give me 30.
[man 1] I caught him jonesing
the other day.
[man 2] See that Joan
that just left?
This nigga's crazy.
Try and get a crackhead.
What you need?
Pockets or boom?
Oh. my nigga.
you don't even know
whose stash you're stealing.
Shit don't end well
for you. homes.
[speaking Spanish]
Cinco...
cuatro...
All right. All right.
Chill. Scarface.
It's your funeral.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Néstor] [in English] Now go.
Go. fuckers!
Whatever. fool.
We continue to bring you
this unfolding story
of an illegal immigrant
from Mexico
who murdered a shop owner
in downtown D.C.
and then was himself killed
by a quick-thinking cashier.
Let's go to Gabby Thompson
who's at the scene
with the cashier
who killed this illegal.
Thanks. Stacy.
I'm with Brian Williams.
the cashier
who confronted the criminal.
Brian. what happened
here tonight?
I was working the register.
This Mexi gangbanger-looking
dude come in.
point a gun right at me.
started demanding money.
So I hit our internal alarm.
[Gabby] Then what happened?
Mr. Thomas. he the store owner.
He come from around back
with a shotgun. but he froze up.
So. the Mexi-dude-looking-cool-
as-Luke shot him.
My brain went into autopilot.
so I shot him.
[Gabby] Had you ever seen
him before?
Never. And I ain't never gonna
see him again neither.
[Gabby] Did you know he was
illegally in this country?
[Brian]
You mean. am I surprised?
This a real issue. You hear me?
Like. how did he get over here?
How did he get a gun?
Shit like that
piss a lot of people off.
Pissed me off too.
Mr. Thomas. he was loved
in this community.
and he gone for what?
'Cause y'all keep letting
criminals like that over here.
[chuckles]
[Brian] Hey. yo.
Rest in peace. Mr. Thomas.
I ain't let him get away. OG.
[Gabby] Our listeners hear you.
[Brian] I hope they do.
[phone ringing and vibrating]
Good evening. sir.
Yes. sir.
Very. very pleased myself.
Could not be prouder
of the team.
[car doors close]
Hello.
Uh. is there anybody inside?
A couple went in
a few hours ago.
A single guy went in too.
Thanks.
Let's grab our supplies.
You still thinking
about nursing school?
Yup. My application's in.
-You?
-[woman] Hmm.
I think I wanna go
into substance abuse.
It's impacted my family.
and this experience
has really personalized it.
-Excuse me. sir.
-[man coughing]
Sir. can we help you?
[groans]
[dramatic music playing]
[woman] Can we offer you
some water?
I don't know.
They seem unresponsive.
[ominous music playing]
[woman] Excuse me. sir?
We're here to provide you
some food
and maybe some help
if you need it.
[speaking Spanish]
I don't speak Spanish. Do you?
No. I don't.
I think he's asking for help.
Maybe we should call the police.
[shouts in Spanish]
That's a good idea.
[suspenseful music playing]
[dispatcher]
Philadelphia Police Department.
Hi. Is this the police?
-[gunshots]
-[dispatcher] Yes--
Hello?
Ma'am. did I hear gunshots?
Ma'am. are you okay?
Ma'am. can you hear me?
Are you there?
Ma'am. can you give me
your location?
Ma'am?
Ma'am. I need your location
so I can send help.
Hello? Ma'am. are you there?
Hello? Is anyone there?
[ominous music playing]
-Where is he?
-[gasps]
-Where is who?!
-Don't be a wiseass.
Your wetback friend!
I don't know his fucking name.
He's not even supposed
to be here!
My GPS says he's right here.
Your GPS. what?
Quit playing games. Chico.
Where the fuck is he?
[Melina] You're scaring me.
I don't know shit about a GPS.
[Shawn] Where is the gun?
The GPS is in the gun.
Okay. The gun is in the--
it's in the bottom tray.
I was--I found it in the alley.
I was gonna turn it
into the police
-after my shift was over.
-No.
No. I don't trust you.
I'll get it.
[ominous music playing]
Nice try. buddy.
Now drop the pipe
and get on the fucking ground.
[Melina] Hey. asshole.
-[Shawn grunts]
-[Melisa shrieks]
[pipe clanks]
[suspenseful music playing]
Oh. my God. What did you do?
Me? You mean we?
-Fuck.
-Jesus. you weren't kidding
when you said
you had pepper spray.
[pipe clinking]
You okay?
[sighs]
Is he dead?
He's alive.
Check his pockets.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Diego] Looks like military.
Maybe ex-military.
Take a picture of his license
on your phone.
-[shutter clicks]
-Okay.
I need to get you out of here.
Um. let's go
to my grandma's house.
I can ask if she'll lend you
money to get back to Mexico.
How does he know who I am?
I don't think he does.
[Diego] This is crazy.
Someone gets me mixed up
with some crazy shit.
and now both of our lives
are in danger.
[Melina] No. Leave it.
I don't want you involved.
If something goes--
-I'm already involved.
-Yeah. but--
Diego. just...
[suspenseful music playing]
[snoring]
[ominous music playing]
[Brett] Come on.
let's wrap this up.
[suspenseful music playing]
Got four.
[scanner whirring]
[zipping]
[ominous music playing]
[telephone ringing]
Delgado.
[Det. Blattner]
Detective Delgado?
-English?
-Yup.
Detective Blattner.
D.C. Police Department.
There's been a murder here
in D.C.
It seems like the perp
was one of your best.
José Saramaga?
[Det. Delgado] Thanks
for the compliment. Blattner.
Saramaga leads
some nasty gangs of killers
and dealers here in Matamoros
called Choo-choo.
That's slang for?
Nothing. really.
But on the streets.
they say Choo-choo means...
misfits.
So. here's what we know.
Saramaga enters a corner store
in downtown D.C.
MPD have never heard of him
or his gang Choo-choo.
ICE has no record of him
coming legally
or illegally to the States.
So he's a criminal ghost.
Now he kills the owner.
then shot by the cashier.
Did I miss anything?
Yeah.
Why?
[Det. Blattner] Exactly.
[suspenseful music playing]
[car tires screeching]
Stop! Unlock door!
-[woman] Please don't hurt us.
-Shut the fuck up and drive.
Matamoros. Mexico.
You can't be serious.
That's thousands of miles away.
My baby can't make
that kind of trip.
[Brett] Anyone hear from Shawn?
He's been gone for hours.
-No. sir.
-No. sir. Nothing.
Yeah. well. track his phone.
I'm gonna need him now.
[man] Just need a second.
[typing]
Give me the phone.
I need it for the map.
Drive now. South!
[gasping]
[car engine revving]
It says D.C. Hospital.
Hospital? What hospital?
Greater Adventist.
Here's the number.
[telephone rings]
Greater Adventist Hospital.
Oh. yes. Uh. good afternoon.
I'm looking
for a possible patient
name of Mark Reico.
Maybe come in. uh.
it's either last night
or this morning?
[receptionist] One moment.
I'll check our records.
Yes. sir.
He was admitted earlier today
and is being kept
for observation.
-[Brett] What happened. ma'am?
-HIPAA happened.
Meaning I can't say
another thing.
Oh. yeah. I understand.
Um. can I speak with him?
Is that possible?
I can ring the room
he's in for you.
Thank you. ma'am.
[telephone ringing]
-Hello?
-[Brett] Is that you. Rocco?
Um. yes. sir.
What in the hell happened?
[Shawn] I was where
I needed to be.
Talking to someone
with a good intel.
But then she caught me off guard
and pepper sprayed me...
and he whacked me with a pipe.
Know who?
I could guess.
I agree.
I'll be good to go
in a few hours.
and then I'll erase my mistake.
Well. actually there's no need.
Not right now.
Things are going well.
Everyone's happy. So...
if they ask. I was gonna say
I felt safe with three seeds.
-You sure. sir?
- Yup.
You just heal up and come back
and. uh. you don't worry
about him.
He'll simply vanish.
Not everyone
causes chaos. right?
[Shawn] I hear you.
[sighs] Fuck.
-[radio chatter]
-[sirens wailing]
[man] I need you to come out
with your hands in the air.
Don't come out immediately.
We're coming in.
[female officer
speaking Spanish]
Okay. team.
We're dealing
with an armed individual
that we believe
is high on drugs.
and he also appears to have shot
two unarmed volunteers.
I want the girls back with us.
but I want him either in cuffs
or immobilized.
All right. A team to the left.
B team to the right.
C team. straight ahead.
I'm on your six.
[suspenseful music playing]
[officer] Let's go.
Split.
[suspenseful music playing]
We're clear.
Okay. On me. On my six.
Cap.
Hold.
Switch to shore.
-[police officer] Clear.
-[SWAT supervisor] Go.
[officer]
Cap. I got two downed bodies.
[SWAT supervisor] Pulse.
No.
Any signs?
No. sir.
[SWAT supervisor]
Leave them for now.
Clear. On my six. Let's go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[officer] Check your left.
[officer] It's clear.
[suspenseful music playing]
[officer] Moving forward.
[SWAT supervisor]
Stack. stack. stack.
Hold.
All right.
I got a hallway to the left.
Kitchen to the right.
I'm gonna take left.
You cover right.
-I got you.
-Move.
-[officer] Clear.
-Copy.
-[gunshots]
-[SWAT supervisor] Oh. shit!
Grossman. you good?
-[Grossman groans]
-Grossman!
[SWAT supervisor]
What's going on over there?
[officer]
It's an ambush. sir.
Grossman got hit in the neck.
I think he's dead.
He's not saying anything.
Where's the shooter?
I think he's over there.
What do you mean you think?
-I'm sure.
-You better be.
[officer] Uh. the shot came
from the right side of the room.
On my six. Let's go! Let's go!
On my six. On my six.
Clear.
Go. go. go!
[SWAT supervisor]
We have you surrounded.
Either surrender
in the next ten seconds.
or we will end this our way.
Come get me. fucker.
-[gunfire]
-Take him down.
[gunfire]
Ceasefire! Ceasefire! Ceasefire!
Wait until my signal.
[suspenseful music playing]
-Just lock the padlock.
-Mm-hmm.
[indistinct chatter over TV]
[Melina] Hi. Grandma.
Grandma. this is Diego.
Hello. Diego.
Hi.
[Grandma] You guys hungry?
I can make something for you.
No. It's okay. Grandma.
I can do it.
Okay.
[sighs] So...
Diego is from Mexico
and needs to get back home.
Oh. is there a family emergency?
Not exactly.
It's a crazy story.
but we think Diego was taken
in his sleep
and dumped in an alley
with a loaded gun.
You mean abducted
and given a loaded gun?
[scoffs] I mean. that sounds--
Sounds better
than the TV show I watch.
This is real. though.
Where did the two of you meet?
In an alley where I was working.
Last thing I remember.
I was at my cousin's house
in Mexico watching TV.
Next thing I know.
I woke up in an alley
totally disoriented.
All this is too much for me
right now.
All I ask from you is that
you respect this home
and my granddaughter.
[Diego] Absolutely.
I know this is gonna sound
even crazier.
but I'm a medical student
in Mexico.
That's why none of this makes
any sense.
What about your cousin?
-Where is he?
-[Diego] I don't know.
I can't reach him because
I can't call international
on Melina's phone.
What if he's in the US too?
I wouldn't even know
how to reach him.
He may be the reason I'm here.
Why would you say that?
[Diego] I was at his place
when this happened.
My cousin is a drug dealer
and gang leader.
My parents overdosed
when I was a child.
I'm so sorry.
Thanks.
It's a world
that no one has control over.
Even though
everyone thinks they do.
Absolutely.
I'm studying the brain.
and impulse control and denial
are all key components of...
-drug use.
-[Melina scoffs]
I hope you solve it.
It's okay.
Let's grab a bite to eat.
Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
[Diego]
How much is a bus ticket?
Let me check.
Is the bus station close by?
Yeah. like 15 minutes away.
[dramatic music playing]
-This is crazy.
-[Melina] Mm-hmm.
Sort of exciting. actually.
Oh. wow. It's 130 bucks.
Can she even afford that?
My grandma's a great saver.
So are you.
Thanks.
Let's practice being grandma.
[news anchor] ...shot and killed
two volunteers
today in Philadelphia.
In studio to discuss
this horrific crime
and the wider implications
are Phil Livett.
an immigration expert.
and Stephanie Mainer
who headed up ICE's D.C. office
until just a few months ago.
Stephanie.
I'd like to start with you.
What is your takeaway
from this heinous incident?
Disgust.
I'm disgusted
with our poorest borders.
I'm sickened
that these two young women
who volunteered
were gunned down by an animal
who should have never been
in this country.
Somehow. he got a gun.
That blows my mind.
[news anchor]
And. Phil. how do you see this?
It is really a sad day
for those people that believe
that immigration plays
a large part
in the greatness of the USA.
It's hard to persuade people
to open borders
when the result
is this devastating.
Stephanie. anything else
you'd like to add?
Let's not forget
about the animal in D.C.
who shot the store owner.
He was an illegal too.
How did he get a gun?
Thank God the store clerk
had access to a gun.
This speaks volumes as to why
our most important amendment
is the second.
I disagree with everything
Stephanie says
because it's so vitriolic.
But what I can't deny
is somehow these
two men entered the USA
and the results are tragic
when you look at the root causes
of why this happened.
[news anchor]
Any final comments?
My heart goes out to
the SWAT team member's family.
This is one more American hero
slaughtered by an illegal
who has no right being here.
[Vicks] We interrupt
this broadcast
to bring you breaking news.
Time for you
to get on your belly.
Wise ass.
[Vicks] An illegal alien
from Mexico named José Saramaga
killed a shop owner today
-in downtown D.C.
-Hey. that's my cousin.
[Vicks] A quick-acting cashier
then shot the illegal.
-We know little about...
-Oh. my God.
[Vicks] ...the killer
except he appears to be
a gangbanger
from Matamoros. Mexico.
and is reportedly involved
in drug smuggling and murder.
As we learn more.
we will keep our viewers
apprised.
This is Stephanie Vicks.
KCDC 8 News.
[TV shuts down]
[dramatic music playing]
Maybe I should go to the police.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Your cousin is a dead criminal.
you're here illegally.
and your story is ridiculous.
I hear you.
Melina. get me the honey pot
on top of the kitchen counter.
How much is the bus fare?
[Melina] Around 130.
Dollars. Well. even though
this story of yours
sounds like bull to me.
the sooner we get you home.
the safer we will all be.
Thank you so much. señora.
I promise. I will pay you back.
I know you will.
Safe travels.
[dramatic music playing]
-[Melina] I should go with him.
-Oh. honey.
[Melina] Thank you.
I'll see you later.
[birds chirping]
[dramatic music playing]
I'm freaking out a bit
waiting here.
Yeah. me too.
But the bus departs
in a few minutes.
You're my guardian angel.
That's sweet.
[laughs]
I'm gonna miss you.
And this craziness.
Oy.
What?
[Melina] My mother gave me this
before she died.
and she said to enjoy it
until I really need it.
And I said she was crazy.
What could I use
a piece of jewelry for
except wear it?
But now I understand.
-Are you thinking--
-I know.
It's crazy.
But what do you think?
It's your decision.
but I love the idea.
Let's see what we can get for it
at the jewelry store we passed?
And I'll call my grandma
and explain.
She's gonna freak out.
She'll understand.
She's a romantic at heart.
[laughs]
Pay.
Baby. stay.
Mouth shut...
or I'll kill the fucking baby.
O-okay.
[country music playing
faintly over speakers]
[suspenseful music playing]
How much and what pump?
-hm. fill it up.
-[baby crying]
One drive to Mexico on number...
[baby crying]
Lady. why'd you leave
your baby in the car?
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
[tense music playing]
[speaks Spanish]
[panting]
[baby crying]
[speaks Spanish]
[dramatic music playing]
[baby crying]
We're going to run out
of gas on the highway.
and someone is going
to crash into us.
Do you understand me?
[crying]
Drive.
Next one.
[suspenseful music playing]
[camera shutter clicks]
[Jessica]
I can leave my daughter
right by the pump.
Leave daughter?
To save her.
I'm not gonna kill you...
unless you make me.
[music playing faintly
over speakers]
Eighty. please.
What pump?
Um. three.
-Sorry.
-[cashier] No. you're fine.
Alrighty. You're all set.
[tense music playing]
[police officer whistles]
[police officer] Freeze! Police!
Put your hands up!
Gun!
[gunshots]
You made national news
and you have exceeded
expectations.
Well. thank you. sir.
I just want to bring up
one issue
so that. uh.
you're not confused.
We only selected
three seeds for this mission
and then the fourth seed
that we had selected was. uh.
was found to be incorrect
for the soil type.
Well. you seem unsettled
about our fourth.
It's something we should be
concerned about?
No. sir. Just. uh.
simply could not guarantee
-that it would germinate.
-[Linquist] Okay.
Let's make sure
that strain goes extinct.
I don't want us
wasting energy planting duds.
You think that's necessary. sir?
I do.
And so should you.
Understood. sir.
All right.
Uh. anyway. I need you
to come see me later
in the week. all right?
The. uh. election's
almost upon us.
and we need a bit of a push
in the Midwest
while we still have
some growing season left.
Well. I just wanna finish up
what we started here.
It should take no more
than a day or two.
so I would assume Thursday
I can come and see you
in your office. sir.
if that's fine?
And why don't you
stay overnight this time?
There are some people
I'd like to introduce you to
who will. uh.
brighten your future.
[Brett] I'm intrigued.
Is there a Diego Fuentes
on this bus?
[indistinct chatter]
[dramatic music playing]
Yes. sir. I'm back here.
Come with me. please.
-My God.
-Let's not panic.
If we get separated.
tell them we're together
and ask where you can wait.
-I will find you.
-I need you to come with me now.
My girlfriend is American.
Can she come?
There's a waiting area.
Both of you. grab your stuff
and follow me.
Is there any--
[man] Sir. all I was asked to do
was to escort you
to our intake office.
[tense music playing]
Diego Fuentes.
You're Diego Fuentes?
Yes. I am.
And you?
I'm Melina Suarez.
his girlfriend.
I'm a US citizen.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[distant telephone ringing]
You know you might not be able
to get back in here
-with only a license?
-Really?
I decided to go with him
last minute.
I didn't even think
about grabbing a passport.
It's just not with me.
I went to Guatemala
with my grandma once.
For now. please go wait
in the room next door.
We'll call you if you're needed.
Do you have
any form of identification?
Yes. my license.
Here you go.
Mr. Fuentes.
you were pulled out of the bus
because we do not show you
legally being in the USA.
You're correct.
I know this is gonna sound nuts.
but I was abducted
with some other men.
All I know is I woke up
in an alley in D.C..
-where I met Melina--
-Stop.
So you admit that you were
in the US illegally?
Yes. but--
Guard. take this this man
to Immigration.
-Wait a minute.
-You'll be able
to explain everything
to the immigration officer.
I'm just the intake person.
Officer is gonna
read you your rights.
you're gonna explain
the story to her. Thank you.
-But Melina?
-Come this way. sir.
Don't worry about her.
She's gonna be here.
She's a US citizen. Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
[immigration officer]
Diego. I must say
the story you told us
is so ridiculous
that I felt it had to be true.
And it is.
I was able to confirm it
with a Matamoros detective
named Delgado.
Who?
I can see you're not even aware
of what is really going on.
I called your mom
as you suggested.
She confirmed what you said
and told me to call
a detective in Matamoros
who's investigating
the disappearance
of four people.
Can I get out of here now?
Yes. We have arranged
for a Mexican border officer
to drive you and your girlfriend
to your home.
We will make
an exception for her
not having a passport too.
It will be noted
in the computer.
Let's get you out of here.
Thank you.
[door lock buzzing]
[cell phone ringing]
[distant dog barking]
[Brett] Okay. And as soon
as we pass through customs.
I want you to grab
those hand imprints
and prepare fingerprint dips
for all of them.
On our man was facial.
so I changed
the passcode to 1234.
[Shawn] What.
we need them for all of them?
Mm-hmm.
Always better to be prepared.
Roger that.
What brings you down
at this hour?
Merchandise pickup.
It's a little late to be
wrapping up a pickup. isn't it?
Well. we got a late start. so...
Identification. please.
[tense music playing]
Can I see your bill of sale?
Yes. sir.
Of course.
I'd like to take a look
inside this truck.
Yeah. no problem. You want me
to open up the back for you?
Yes. sir. I guess it wouldn't
be a problem for us
to search the cab too. huh?
Of course.
[suspenseful music playing]
[crickets chirping]
All right. You're free to go.
-Thank you. sir.
-[border guard] All right.
The retrofitting is gold.
The best.
All right. Now get us directions
to Brownsville.
south. the airport.
That's where
our plane's waiting.
On it.
[truck engine starts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[cell phone vibrating]
[Testor] It's Testor.
[Brett] Yeah. I need seed
terminated down at Mexico.
-[Testor] Really?
-[Brett] Yup.
Boss don't like loose ends.
It could be pricey.
[Brett] Not a concern.
[Testor] Who is it?
A civilian.
I got some info to send you
over WhatsApp.
I'll send some more tomorrow.
But. um.
what are we talking about?
For the right guy.
you're looking at
about 50 large.
-[Brett] And you?
-That's another ten.
Well okay.
but I need it done this week.
I mean. very discreetly. man.
super clean.
make it look like an accident.
you understand?
[instrumental music playing]
[Linquist] A toast
to our shared love of country.
and our shared interests.
-[woman] Cheers.
-[man] Cheers.
[glasses clinking]
[instrumental music
continue playing]
[Linquist] Ladies and gentlemen.
I could not be happier
with the seeds program.
The media is eating it up.
The seeds reacted
as one would expect.
like animals.
carnage in their wake.
[Steven] Are you guaranteeing
election success?
[chuckles] Steven. you know
I'm not a prognosticator.
but what I am
is a good fundraiser.
Uh. um. what I will say is.
with all your support.
the seeds program continue
to provide the basis
for an illegal immigrant-free.
law-and-order-based society.
This group is seeing to that.
Can I count
on your continued support?
Let's have dinner then. hmm?
Red meat. of course.
[laughter]
[suspense music playing]
[typing]
[cell door buzzing]
[lock clicks]
[thuds]
[Det. Delgado]
Blattner. Delgado.
[Det. Blattner] Hey. Delgado.
You got something for me?
[Det. Delgado] I believe we do.
Can you tell me who a license
plate is registered to?
[Det. Blattner] Sure.
Walk me back what you learned.
[Det. Delgado] We reviewed
the security cameras
near José's home.
and we believe that a truck
that might have been involved
in a possible abduction
came from Texas.
crossed a border.
stole some license plates
in Mexico.
and then traveled back
to the USA.
Hopefully the plates will help
in the investigation.
[Det. Blattner] Sounds good.
Give me their number
and I'll call you back in a few.
Shit.
Just look at that
head of yours.
Yup. I'm back
to my cam dash days.
Well. Boss authorized the hit
on that stray seed.
-[Shawn] Really?
-Mm-hmm.
He don't know nothing
about the fuck-up.
but he just don't
want no loose ends.
It won't happen again. sir.
The sloppiness
will not be tolerated. Shawn.
[Shawn] Understood. sir.
-Who's doing it?
-[Brett] Testor.
He's hired someone down
in Mexico.
How long have you known Testor?
Years. Two tours together.
was raised in Iraq.
Dude is a straight-up
assassin. man.
He's cold as hell.
[telephone ringing]
-Delgado.
-[Det. Blattner] Delgado.
I got a hit with the plates
that makes perfect sense.
Okay. What do you have?
[Det. Blattner] Furniture store
located in Brownsville. Texas.
I'll call the Brownsville PD
to look into the lead.
Okay.
Call me with what you learned.
[Det. Blattner] I will.
Bye.
[instrumental music playing]
Hello? Anybody here?
I'm looking
for a Terry Blackett.
Well. you got him.
Terry. I'm Henry Leyler
of the Texas Rangers.
I want to ask you about
a white panel truck of yours
that went to Mexico recently.
I don't do business in Mexico.
Okay. I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
Or maybe I'll get the IRS
to come see you.
[knock on door]
[footsteps approaching]
[Det. Delgado]
Gracias.
[in English]
Well. there were two guys
who rented my truck
a few days ago.
but I have no idea for what.
Let's see the rental paperwork.
Uh. let me save you
50 questions.
I got nothing
but a wad of cash and...
it sounds like a headache.
Can you describe them?
I don't really remember
much about it. I guess.
You know. we were busy.
Busy?
[panting]
[whimpers]
[Mateo screaming]
[phone ringing]
[in English] Delgado.
Here's what I got.
Detective Leyler
of the Brownsville.
Texas Police Department
was nice enough
to call in the owner
of the truck that was used.
Bit of a dead end.
The truck's owner remembers
renting the truck
to two white guys.
Says he felt military or police.
No record of the rental.
no name. Nothing.
-And you believe that story?
-[Det. Blattner] I do.
Yeah. the guy
seemed both spooked
and irritated. he said.
Same way I'd feel
if I got caught up in it.
And where does that leave us?
Nowhere for the moment.
But you know what?
Let me look into what happened
once they got here.
Who knows?
Maybe I'll uncover something.
[sighs]
So I have something for you.
Don't be holding back
on me. partner.
One of the abducted group
is back in Mexico.
And during our interview.
he told me that
he cracked a pipe
over one of our assumed suspects
in a D.C. alley.
And while the suspect
was unconscious.
he took a photo of his license
and even called 911.
You're kidding me?
We got a photo. and the guy
went to the hospital?
-Crazy.
-You said it.
Send me everything you got.
and I'll check in with you
after I check
the D.C. hospitals.
-[Det. Delgado] I got you.
-Talk soon.
[tense music playing]
Brett. the seeds project
is a smashing success.
Well. our team
feels the same way. sir.
You and I are taking on
a lot of risk. hmm?
But we both see the good
that this is doing
for our country.
Absolutely. sir.
And I cannot be more proud
of what we're doing
in my involvement.
We're very happy to be
rebuilding America
to the great nation
that it once was.
[Linquist] So true.
I have great news.
Funding for the seeds program
will no longer be a problem.
Well. that's exciting. sir.
If this continues
to go this well.
there are some foreign officials
who would just love to meet you.
Well. I welcome it.
Thank you. sir.
Three seeds. Brett. ASAP.
Here's the file. All I ask
is that you remain in my office
while you review it.
My pleasure.
Are you finding what you needed?
It looks like the admitted
suffered from head trauma.
You gave him a CAT scan.
and he was released
with what appears
to be a concussion.
Let me take a peek.
Yup. It looks like that.
[Det. Blattner]
Did you bill him?
Let me check the computer.
[singer singing
in foreign language]
-[laughter]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Brett] Hey. Shawn!
Get your ass in here!
Please.
Gotta love that
he says "please."
Coming. sir.
Close the door.
What's up?
[Brett] There's a small
change of plans.
Actually. my plans.
I have to travel during
our Midwest seeding time frame.
They postponed?
Nope. It's your turn to shine.
Wow.
Really?
I know you ain't asking me.
No. Not at all. sir. I'm ready.
-Who's your sidekick gonna be?
-Tyrone.
No doubt. We work well together.
and he's ready.
Well. I like your choice.
He's got a lot of
extraction experience.
speaks Spanish fluently.
and he keeps his mouth shut.
I won't let you down. boss.
[Det. Blattner]
That's right. Delgado.
That photo your victim provided
matches the photo
from the hospital.
We got a picture of our guy.
checked in under
the false name Mark Reico.
Now. we just gotta identify him.
Starting a meeting
to address it.
so I'll update you as we gather
more information.
Talk soon.
[Det. Delgado] Talk to you soon.
Okay. We got a lead
on the suspect.
Great news. boss.
So I need each of you
to split up the states.
and I'll deal with the FBI.
Look. some are gonna say no.
Let's see if we can get a hit.
The FBI may end up joining
this investigation.
Oh. man.
None of that childish shit.
Come on. Let's get to it.
[cell phone vibrating]
This is Testor.
Three seeds. Brownsville again.
Hell. eyes on.
finger ready throughout.
If it looks like a shit show.
just shut it down.
[Testor]
Any collateral concerns?
Everyone understands the risk.
[Testor] Got it.
And how's our little Mexican
remediation going?
[Testor] I should have some
good news for you tomorrow.
[suspense music playing]
[crow cawing]
[power tool whirring]
All done.
Three hours on the button.
You guys are unreal.
It's what we do. brother.
Walk us through it.
[knocks on door]
[dog barks]
[door opens]
See that small star
on the floor?
-Got it.
-Touch it.
It releases the vacuum seal.
unlocks the chamber.
Floor shifts back
and voi-fucking-la.
You have your sealed cabinet.
Perfect. We'll have it
back to you in a few days.
You can chop it up.
I ought to be able to showcase
my shit at a convention.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Shawn] Any questions
about the extraction?
Let's go over the phone
and the bodies.
As soon as we're in.
locate a body.
Confirm twice with the mission
sheet and find his phone.
Before putting him
in the body bag.
check if the phone opens
by finger or face.
What if I can't find a phone?
Then look for it. man.
What about customs?
We're chill. buying
some furniture for our store.
We'll take some shit
from the club so it looks legit.
And if the club's got none?
We need to find some.
Yes. sir.
-Put line two on speaker.
-Yes. sir.
Sorry. I want all my team
to hear this.
-[Linquist] All set?
-Fire away.
DMV and other
database has picked up
five different hits
from the visual you provided.
Two expired.
and three are active.
Shit.
Remember. certain states
don't allow us
to peek in
without a formal warrant.
so there may be more.
I'll send you
an encrypted email.
We've identified
a person of interest.
No priors.
Strong military background.
[Blattner] Got it.
[Linquist] Sorry to take this
from you. buddy.
With multiple
states records involved.
this just became an FBI matter.
Please have your team
send us the case files
through our encrypted
email service.
Not happy about it.
but I understand.
What can we do to support?
[Linquist] Not sure.
My team is drafting a subpoena
to require the top five
cell companies to check
their records for this guy.
We'll see what we come up with.
[Blattner] As soon
as you know something.
[Linquist] I promise
when we take this guy down.
you'll be with us
on video chat in real time.
[Blattner] Appreciate that.
My team deserves that much.
[Linquist] I agree.
[intense music playing]
[no audio]
-[Blattner] Blattner.
-Linquist.
Okay. Here's what we got.
Our perp recently purchased
a new phone.
He's taking a trip as we speak
towards the Mexican border.
[Blattner] And the second one?
The second went dead
within your jurisdiction.
Uncannily right after he left
the D.C. hospital.
[Blattner]
Unreal what technology can do.
Our days are numbered.
Speak for yourself.
[Blattner] Sadly.
I'm speaking for all of us.
Okay. Here's our game plan.
We'll track them via GPS
and on the ground.
but not too close.
assuming a similar MO.
I'll contact
the Mexican Federal Police.
coordinate with them.
decide on a takedown
based on safety and stealth.
[Blattner]
We're all looking forward
to joining by video
when this goes down.
I'm a man of my word. Blattner.
We'll talk soon.
[Blattner] Thanks.
[phone call drops]
[dramatic music playing]
Sir...
we lost the cell signal.
What do you mean
lost the signal?
[man] No further pings.
The perp must have shut off
their phone.
Did you have time
to get the plate number?
No. sir.
Local police were en route
when it went dead.
Arrange for three teams.
One right outside Brownsville
base on their tracked pings
on the way down.
Second one. 20 miles north.
Final one.
50 miles further north.
Get our Gulfstream ready to go.
We're going to go
the border location.
My guess is that
when he's back in the States.
he's gonna wanna share.
Car will be ready
to pick you up in five minutes.
[tense music playing]
[Tyrone] Are you sure
the seeds won't wake up
if they search the back?
[Shawn] Trust me.
Everything will go smoothly.
We're gonna be fine.
Just let me do all the talking.
Don't sweat me.
[guard]
Heading back home. gentlemen?
-Yes. sir.
-Reason for your trip?
Shopping for my furniture store.
-Can we check inside?
-[Shawn] Sure.
[tense music playing]
Is that a table?
Yeah. We found
a cool-looking one at the store.
Decided to buy it.
You sure shop quickly.
Internet. of course.
So they had everything ready.
We'll have to wait.
[man speaking Spanish]
[tense music playing]
[in English] Everything cool?
Yeah. They just need
to see a receipt.
You got one?
Of course.
Okay.
-You're all set.
-Thank you.
All good.
I love the sound of that.
Sorry. All right.
You can turn your phone on
at that light up there.
-We're back.
-[car engine on]
[door lock buzzing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[in English] All right.
Window. Thank you. sir.
Sir. his phone just turned on.
They're about five miles away.
We can follow them
through my phone.
-Plan is all set?
-It's all set.
Everyone's set in place.
FBI Agent Gregors is dressed
in Texas Highway uniform.
I'm good.
All right.
[door opens]
[in English]
You all set to witness this.
[Blattner] Bring it on. brother.
Everyone get in here.
Movie time.
All right. Hang with me.
When it's go time.
I'll bring you in.
[suspenseful music playing]
[in English]
Some shit on the road?
Not sure.
Be ready.
Hmm?
Okay. okay. okay!
[truck engine revving]
[Tyrone]
Looks like a drug bust.
Could be.
Just stay sharp.
No. man. I don't feel
too good about this.
[Shawn]
Probably just an inspection.
Inspection?
We had one at the border.
Why would we need another one?
[Shawn]
I don't know. man. Drugs?
Just...stay calm and be ready.
[tense music playing]
You freaking?
Not yet. Check me in 15 seconds.
[Tyrone] I can feel it.
Something's not right.
Hands up. the both of you.
where we can see them!
[Shawn] Okay.
Remember. buying trip.
Shut the fuck up
and keep your hands in the air!
[Blattner] You did it.
No. we did.
[explosion]
[ominous music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[officer] Hands up.
the both of you.
-where we can see them!
-[Shawn] Okay.
[officer] Shut the fuck up
and keep your hands in the air!
[dramatic music playing]
[officer] Hands up. both of you.
where we can see them!
[Shawn] Okay.
[officer] Shut the fuck up
and keep your hands--
Excuse me. gentlemen. uh.
I need to take this call.
[Blattner] You did it.
[dramatic music playing]
[laughter]
[officer] Shut the fuck up
and keep your hands in the air!
Hands up. both of you.
where we can see it!
[Shawn] Okay.
[officer] Shut the fuck up!
[Brett]
What the fuck happened. team?
[Linquist]
Uniforms ambushed your guys.
About three miles
outside of Brownsville.
Killed before they came for us.
I mean. who?
Uh. Feds. Staties. who?
-[Blattner] You did it.
-[Linquist] Both.
-[Brett] No.
-[Linquist] I acted quick.
I think we're okay.
Program needs to disappear...
at least for a while.
Fuck!
[officer] Hands up. both of you.
where we can see them!
[Shawn] Okay.
[Spanish guitar music playing]
[soft music playing]
[phone rings]
-[in English] Linquist.
-[Blattner] Blattner.
Any update?
I think it ended with them.
Can't find any loose ends.
We got them.
I wish I could believe you.
[Linquist]
Believe what you want.
but we're closing the file.
It's over.
I think you're making
a big mistake.
[Linquist] Goodbye. Blattner.
[ominous music playing]
[Linquist] It's a mere setback
when these things happen.
Democracy demands sacrifices.
We both know that.
Are you ready to restart?
Am I ever.
I need four seeds.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today